The victim is Tony sallinger.
He was found dead in his
hotel room by his sister Ruth.
From now on. no more secrets.
What do you think he
meant by that? I have no idea.
We need to do a postmortem. Right.
Sorry.
What we have is the
most important relationship
that's happened to me for years.
Talk me through swapping Tony's bloods.
He'd pay me if I took the test for him.
We should go to Bermuda
and find your dad. Then what?
Kill him for real.
It's the coat from the
cctv. It certainly looks like it.
Nicola bar ton. I'm arresting
you on suspicion of the murder
of Tony sallinger. Are you serious?!
I went to see Monica.
ok? I found his passport.
Where is it now? She burnt it.
Well. it's about Michael bar ton.
He's volatile. He's aggressive.
Urgh!
Nobody wanted this to happen.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What else was I supposed to do?!
He saw the photograph of Bermuda.
He knew we forged the card.
Where's his phone? You did
take his phone. didn't you?!
Yes.
Move his car around the back.
And then what? What
are you going to do?
What I always do. Michael.
I'm going to clear up your mess.
You have a fan.
Emma was at yoga.
You were all she could talk about.
"Such fun". she kept saying.
Usually when she says "fun".
she thinks someone's deranged.
But in your case. I
think she really... Nigel?
Where are you?
The number you have
dialled is no longer in service.
Please check and try again.
The number you have
dialled is no longer in...
I... I notice...
You still haven't untied me. Monica.
What's the plan. then?
Are you going to...
Strangle me?
Are you going to suffocate me?
That's up to you. What won't hurt?
How about old age? Ha!
Where's Alan now...
If he's not in Bermuda?
You're sitting on him.
Wow.
Ok.
They were fighting about Alan leaving.
and. Michael pushed him.
Alan hit his head on the table.
I came home and found them.
It was an accident. but
I knew how it looked.
and Michael wouldn't survive prison. so...
We didn't tell anyone...
And we put Alan down here.
Is that what "no more
secrets" was about?
Did Tony know and that's what
got him killed? I didn't kill Tony.
That was nothing to do with
me. What about Michael?
Was it another argument
that got out of control?
It wasn't Michael either. But you did...
Kill Alan. so why isn't Michael here?
Why am I having this
conversation with you?
I'm stronger than him.
You've met him. He's just a child.
Do you have any children?
Yeah... yeah. I do. I have a daughter.
She's called Kim. She's actually
leaving Jersey in 24 hours.
She's going to this big
music school on the...
Don't tell me about her. Sorry.
but I know what you're doing.
Don't you want to protect her?
I want her to be brave.
I want her to take
responsibility for her actions.
Must be lovely. loving someone like that.
You're crossing a line now.
Both of you are.
Listen. Michael... Michael
can plead manslaughter.
He could just be looking at a few years.
And you. helping him
conceal it. you're his mum.
even the jury will understand that.
You might even get a non-custodial.
But if you kill me now. I
swear to god. we're talking life.
No parole. no early
release for good behaviour.
You are never. ever coming out.
I don't understand why
you don't understand.
You've got a daughter. You'd
fight bears for her. you'd fight armies.
You'd kill one dangerous man.
Someone will find out.
The police know I'm here. Someone
is going to come looking for me.
You'll be long gone by then.
Hey! Help!
Shush.
Hi. Michael. Is Monica there?
I tried her house. No... no.
Is that... Isn't that her car outside?
Then yes.
Ruth? Hi. I'm here.
Hi. Michael. let Ruth in.
Hello. I was just clearing
out some of Alan's things.
I'm sorry to turn up
unannounced like this.
Help me! Please!
Please help me!
Could you call the police? We
need to get Tony's body released.
I have asked them. but I just...
I think it would sound
better coming from you and...
You've cut yourself...
I was opening a can.
What with? A sword?
Have the police spoken to you. Ruth?
Have they given you any
indication of what they're thinking?
Well. haven't you heard?
They've arrested Nicola.
What?
I spoke to them.
Not bergerac. a different one.
About an hour ago.
Well. why would they think that
she had anything to do with it?
She didn't even know
Tony. Well. they didn't say.
Look. Nicola and I were in touch.
She thought you killed
Alan and Tony knew.
and. well. that's what I thought.
That's why I came to see you yesterday.
Look. I'm... I'm so sorry. Monica.
I just... I assumed you'd been told.
Mum needs to be alone.
Yes... no. of course.
Sorry.
And you'll speak to the police
about releasing the body?
Yes. Leave that with
us. Thank you now. Ruth.
I just think it's really impor...
Barney. Yeah?
Forensics have come
back with the final report
on the card from Alan bar ton.
Yeah. I've seen the report.
The card is genuine.
Yeah. that was the interim.
This is... this is the full fat.
Simon. give me the headlines. Ok.
So. they compared the card
with three samples from friends.
They said the handwriting
is superficially adept
but. upon further examination.
there are enough inconsistencies
to suggest it was not
written by Alan bar ton.
What? It was principally
in the letter formation.
the pressure. slant. and the spacing.
Hang on. so Michael forged
the card? Does it say that?
It does. yeah. basically. in
the conclusion at the end.
It wasn't suicide. it wasn't Monica.
It was Michael.
Davy. get two cars ready. Yes. boss.
Kara... Fuck it. Everyone. Listen up!
Why have you arrested Nicola?
She was at the wedding.
That's a lie. No.
There are pictures. There
was blood on her coat.
And five years ago she said one
day she was going to take away
the thing you loved most in the world.
Monica. just listen to me...
You shut up. Just... just... You shut up.
Shut up!
Monica... shut up. Just be quiet.
Because I need to think.
Ok. and then... And then...
And then it's over...
It's over... then it's over.
You never answered my
question about the best way to die.
What's suffocation like?
It's pretty unpleasant. I
imagine. Worse than this?
Well. then.
What... what are you doing?
I'm looking for a plastic bag.
Mum.
You.
Christ.
You...
You have fucked my
life. do you know that?
I've lost two husbands and now
my daughter because of what you did.
So what's next. Michael?
What's the next plan?
I've got some aunts and uncles.
Do you want their addresses?
You could set fire to their houses.
You've taken everything from me.
Every last scrap.
You've eaten me alive.
So come on. then.
Where are we going?
The cellar.
Jesus.
Fuck! My god!
Michael killed Alan.
They're going to kill me. too.
My god...
Run!
Where is he? I don't know.
God.
No! Michael. no!
Hey. stop! Stop! Michael. don't do this.
Look. I spoke to your mum.
she said it was an accident.
I understand that. Then
let me go. Let me run away!
Put the knife down and we can talk.
Michael. hey... hey...
God.
It's all right. Michael. God... it's all right.
Come on. It's over. love.
Come on. we've got to face
facts. We've got to be big and brave
and we've got to say.
"come on. do your worst."
Bet you know that
already. though. don't you?
You're so clever. I tell everyone.
"He runs rings around me". I say.
What's your... What's
your chess ranking?
200?
188 in the... In the world.
Well. there you are. then.
So. come on. let Ruth go now.
Come on.
Poor Ruth. Look. she's so rumpled.
It's all right. Come on. It's over. love.
It's over.
That's it. good boy.
Good boy. There we are.
God!
There we are. That's it. Come on.
There's my Michael bear.
It's all right. mum's here.
Mum's here now. Come on.
It's all right.
It's all right. you're all
right. You're all right.
All right. Michael.
Mum's here.
You know what the most
interesting thing about all this is?
No Jim bergerac. Now. I'm not
saying he was holding us back.
but it is funny how the whole thing
resolves the minute he steps away...
I think we've found him.
Lots of families around here.
so. you know. lots of birthdays.
Sounds like a great idea.
Would you excuse me one
second? Have a read of that.
Can I help? Yes. I'm looking
for Nigel. Nigel Morton.
Right. I think you've got
the wrong address. so...
But this is his restaurant.
No.
This is... Well. it's not
really anything right now.
They want to turn it into one of
those paint-your-own pottery places.
but I sort of feel that's had its day.
But we... We came here
a couple of days ago.
He showed me around.
Wait. was this Tuesday?
Because we did hire it out that day.
Who to? Students.
They were making a film. I think.
We wouldn't normally
do that sort of thing.
but then we thought. "you know
what? Let's give something back".
But then. well. this older
gentleman came in to collect the keys.
He could have been a
mature student. I suppose.
What did he look like?
Slightly balding. late 60s.
Absolutely charming. to be fair.
Are you all right? Yes...
Thank you. I'm sorry to have interrupted.
You should have told
us you were coming here.
Yeah. it was just a spur
of the moment thing.
Again. this lone wolf bullshit. I know.
This changes nothing about Nicola.
We are charging her with
Tony's murder. That makes sense.
And I don't want you within
ten miles of it. I won't be.
We had an agreement.
Jim. It's all yours. Barney.
We were on our way here. Clearly.
This lone wolf bullshit.
You'll be kind to Michael. won't you?
Yeah. we're kind to everyone. Monica.
How's Nicola? I don't
know. She's at the station.
She'll be charged later today.
When Tony said "no more
secrets". what do you think he meant?
Indulge me.
I don't know. Maybe he was
talking about the accident. Not Alan?
Not where his body is? Tony
didn't know anything about Alan.
You see. I keep coming
back to this cottage.
Tony didn't have any money.
so you needed to sell it.
but you said no. and what?
He was just fine with that?
Well. it was my house. I reckon he
could be pretty persuasive though.
And what else was he going to do?
He didn't have any money.
didn't have anywhere to live.
and the solution to all that is right there.
Look. here's what I think.
I think you had to tell Tony about Alan.
You can't sell a cottage with
a dead body buried under it.
And you know what? I think
he was probably ok with that.
I mean. he had secrets of his own.
But then he's saved by the brother
of the woman whose death he caused.
He has this road to
Damascus conversion.
he stands up. that's it. "no
more secrets". and you panic.
because that means
Michael goes to prison.
I told you. Tony didn't know about Alan.
Why was he talking
to you when he said it?
He was looking at you in a mirror.
just like I am now. In all the
hullabaloo. I'd forgotten that.
Monica. there is nothing you
can do to protect Michael anymore.
It's Nicola who needs you now.
Don't let her go down for this.
Ok.
I spoke to Tony after the speech...
And I said. "please. don't do this".
but he'd made up his mind - he
was going to come clean about Alan
and about the accident as well.
He said that. he and
Michael would be liberated.
Even if they went to
prison. they'd be free.
So. when I went back to
the room with the knife...
He was sleeping...
And it was peaceful.
He didn't feel a thing.
I mean. I don't... I don't
care if you believe me or not.
I was there. it was peaceful.
Tony didn't have children
so he didn't understand.
You do.
You'd fight armies for your child.
You'd fight bears.
You'd kill one dangerous man.
She's all yours.
Hey.
Your phone. It's not evidence.
There's seven missed calls from Kim.
We can let Nicola go.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. What? Why?
Monica killed Tony. She
confessed and I arrested her.
Hi. love. Look. sorry.
something happened at work.
I just have to go to
the station. and then...
What is it? What's wrong?
I got worried when you didn't
turn up and I rang granny.
I made her come here. Where is she?
Charlie?
Hey.
I'm so sorry.
Kim says you gave him some money.
It was for his restaurant. How much?
Charlie. I know it's uncomfortable.
I need to establish if a
crime has been committed.
£120.000.
Right.
Yeah...
Listen. listen...
People have lost more.
so. you know. don't feel bad.
But... Look. now we
have some options. ok?
Did he threaten you? Did he coerce you?
At first he wouldn't take
it. I had to convince him to.
That's a common... that's...
You know. it's manipulation.
They make it seem
like it was your choice.
It's what they do. I'm not an imbecile.
Hey... Or some love-struck teenager.
I can think. I can
reason... I ran a business.
I'm the magistrate.
I've written fucking books. Hey.
no-one is blaming you. Charlie.
And he took me to the
restaurant. he showed it to me.
And he had a business
plan. and there some partner -
someone he was working with.
Yeah. they were working together.
You know? Sometimes
maybe they switch roles -
Nigel is the business partner
and the other guy is the...
The... Nigel.
We were lovers.
I know.
Like I said. look. we
have some options now.
These options.
they all require me to
press charges. don't they?
Well. yeah.
I won't do that. Charlie... I won't do that!
I'll be humiliated.
I'll be a punch line.
I'll be Milly faversham.
I'm sure you think a
reputation is a quaint thing.
Your reputation waxes and
wanes. You don't care anymore.
How lovely for you.
But for the rest of us...
It's a pile of poker chips.
I'll say I ended the relationship.
I might even throw in
something vulgar and salacious.
"He was terrible in bed."
People will laugh...
And I'll seem powerful.
To the rest of the world...
I'll still be me.
So. there we are.
What happened to you? You look terrible.
Come on! You can't do this.
Sue me. Sadly. I don't have the time.
I'm flying back to the mainland.
Just waiting for my taxi.
You know. I have sympathy for
some of the people I deal with.
Yeah. they're unlucky. they're desperate.
But then there are the ones like you.
The ones that have a fundamental
part of their humanity missing.
Yeah. even other criminals know it.
That's why men like you
don't do well in prison.
So who are you really?
I'm sorry Jim. I'm... Lost.
Men like me? Yeah.
But I've done nothing wrong.
My girlfriend gave me some
money for a business opportunity
that has frustratingly gone away.
and now that relationship
has come to an end.
Am I missing something?
Is any of that illegal?
Obviously. you know
the law better than I do.
Wait. you don't think this was a scam?
No wonder you're cross.
Look. if Charlie thinks there's
been any kind of double-dealing.
then she should press charges.
I mean. we should go to
the police station right now.
What's that. Lassie?
She hasn't?
Well. then I'm confused again.
Cab firm said ten minutes.
How did you know
where I was. by the way?
On your second date.
you took flowers for Charlie.
You ordered them
online from a local florist
and you had them sent to this address.
You should be a detective.
Yeah. people have said that.
While I've got you here.
I just want to say. I think
you're too hard on yourself.
I'd be a gibbering wreck for years
if I'd been through what you have.
but you're holding yourself
together. solving crimes.
Never mind what Charlies
says. I think you're a great father.
Just give yourself a pat on the back.
Did you even lose a child?
No.
Not as such. Look. I'm not
proud of that. What can I say?
I was intoxicated by her.
I wanted to find a connection.
so. yes. a little white lie.
like inflating your income or
saying you love down ton Abbey
when it makes you want
to gouge your eyes out.
Admit it.
There's a part of you that
thinks she deserves this.
She's my family. Come on!
You don't even like her.
She certainly doesn't like you.
In case you thought it was all just banter.
It raises an interesting
question. doesn't it?
About those men. why they exist.
The people they target
tend to be venal and callous.
They live for the schadenfreude.
Makes their eyes roll
back in their head. Jim.
And these women. they're cowards.
If they were decent or brave.
those men would have
to Rob post offices.
I'll convince Charlie to press charges.
You could still be arrested
on the mainland. Great.
Yeah. looking forward
to it. See you in court. etc.
Look. I hate to ask. but
you couldn't give me a lift
to the airport. could you?
It's Barney Crozier. Can I get
five minutes with uma today?
Yes. it is urgent.
6:15pm? Yeah. that works.
Thank you. Wendy.
Finally. Where is everyone?
The pub. waiting for you.
It's not every day we solve
two murders for the price of one.
Especially not two in the same family.
I mean. my mum and dad are naturists.
Shut up. Yeah.
They spend half their
year playing table tennis
with other naked pensioners.
and I thought that was
weird and dysfunctional. but...
Anyway. great result. boss.
Yeah. Yeah. it is.
Tell your face.
Sorry.
There's a bit of a crisis at home.
There's some chat about
nominating Ruth sallinger
for an award for bravery.
Good idea. yeah... I'll
pop by her office later.
I didn't get a chance
to thank her properly.
Did you hear? That big sale of
her company. it just went through.
Who told you that? It's on the news.
Has... has Nicola gone?
Yeah. You said release her.
I know. I... I just... I need to talk to her.
What time did she leave?
About half an hour ago.
I'm sure you can catch her at her hotel.
Kara. that's not what this...
We owe her an apology.
I believe you. Tell your face.
I'll go see her and then I'll go see Ruth.
This news about Ruth's
company. where is it?
The business bit.
After years of building.
growing and learning
alongside an incredible team.
I'm proud to announce that
we have officially completed
the sale of our company.
Building this company
has been my life's work.
We have always fought
to be at the forefront
of discovery and development.
and with this partnership we can do that.
Huge thanks to everyone at hobarts.
Thank you very much. Well done.
Hear. hear.
Thank you.
Good on her. I say.
Where is everyone? The pub.
I've been waiting for you. too.
He wasn't here and you'd vanished.
I was printing something off.
We have a printer here.
How's your head? Yeah.
So. are you coming. then?
I can't drink. I'm on these painkillers.
I heard that some pubs have
started doing non-alcoholic drinks.
Ha-ha.
Look. it's not about the drinks.
it's about marking the wins.
Everyone's waiting.
They want to do a toast.
Mate. I am trying my best here.
He's not drinking and he's...
We don't know.
God. What?
Sorry to interrupt.
No. it's ok.
We haven't really had a
moment. just the two of us.
How are you feeling?
Yeah. it's been a day.
I know. right?
I've finally got a date for the cremation.
Four weeks tomorrow.
Why does it take so long?
It's like we're waiting in
case his condition improves.
I'm sorry. we have to take him back.
We have other tests to do.
I've ordered a much
more detailed postmortem.
I want him checked for poisons.
Poisons? He was stabbed.
No... no. you can't do that.
He's mine now. You had
your chance. You had days.
You know who did it. you
have to leave him alone now.
Ruth. I think you killed him.
Theories are like...
A line of dominoes.
You're nowhere. and then
something happens and one topples.
which knocks the next one.
on and on. unstoppable.
And the first domino was you'd
have known about those payments.
Tony paid Ian 50 grand
for swapping the bloods
and he paid Karl for
changing his statement.
Here's what I don't understand.
How did he sneak those
payments past Ruth?
So you're saying she
knew about the payments?
I'm saying she authorised
them. The first time I met Ruth.
she said she handled the
products and the finances.
while Tony did the networking
and the schmoozing.
In your press release today.
you said you built this company.
You know it inside-out. You
know. I don't think your staff can buy
a paperclip without your approval.
We could run a forensic
audit on the company.
see if we can find the payments.
Hang on. let's just play this out.
say she did authorise the payments.
I'm sure she wasn't exactly thrilled
when it meant that Tony didn't go
to prison. the scandal didn't capsize
the company. but then
fast forward 15 years.
Tony gets up and he
says. "no more secrets".
That was the second domino.
He tells Monica he means her
and Alan and the car accident.
Tony going to prison would
have been bad enough.
but you helped cover it up.
that's you screwed as well.
- that's your whole company.
- Your life's work - gone.
And so I wanted to kill him?
How is that less of a risk?
Well. it was a calculated
risk. and paid off.
because. look. the sale
went through. They're fine.
But it was Monica. She confessed.
Yeah. and a confession is usually
a bit of a conversation stopper.
but then one of my
colleagues said something.
Domino number three.
Right. there was one weird thing.
When Ruth came in earlier. she
was asking about when we'd release.
Tony's body for cremation.
It's gone already. hasn't it?
Why is that weird? I don't know.
Maybe just the way she said it.
Maybe it wasn't.
First time I met Ruth. she
said the exact same thing.
Tony's body wasn't even cold.
And then when you came
'round to Michael's house
and I was in the cellar. I
heard you telling Monica
she should hurry us up and
get Tony's body released.
Yes. because I wanted closure.
And that was the last domino.
When Monica was arrested.
she said Tony never felt a thing.
He was asleep. she said.
A knife plunged through all
that flesh and muscle and sinew.
you wouldn't wake up?
What are you saying? I'm saying
when Monica stabbed Tony...
He was already dead.
You don't think it's possible she said that
to distance herself from what she did?
And Tony had been drinking
all day. He could've passed out.
He could have taken a sleeping pill.
There was nothing like that in
his postmortem. and that's the thing
with tests like that. especially
with such an obvious cause of death.
they're looking for context. not cause.
This is... No. Ruth... Ruth!
No... no. just...
Can you let me...? Can you...?
Let me out.
Can someone help me. please?!
I'm... I'm locked in.
Jesus! Ruth... Hello!
You just... you leave me alone.
You are insane.
You are deluded.
You're not fit for purpose!
You know. to be fair...
He wasn't going to
tell the police about me.
We were loyal that way.
So why did you do it?
I knew if he confessed...
The police would want to
know how he got away with it...
And they would look at the blood test
and they would pull at that thread
until they find Ian and Karl.
and they would keep pulling.
and eventually they would find me.
Just like you did.
What was the poison?
It would help us to know
what we're looking for.
Hemlock water-dropwort.
Oenanthe crocata.
I did my dissertation on natural poisons.
A bit macabre. perhaps.
I had some in my car. can you believe?
I found it in my garden last
week. I wanted to study it.
It's been used to... To treat hepatitis.
Did you know that?
I thought. "my god..."
"The lives I could save."
God.
I...
I thought...
Hello. Welcome to the Clifton.
Hi. this is dci bergerac. I'm
trying to reach Nicola bar ton.
She's not answering her
phone. Can you put me through?
She's in room 410. Miss bar ton?
She checked out about an hour ago.
We ordered her a taxi to the airport.
Thank god.
I ran... I was jumping
over the trolley things
and had to show my warrant
card at passport control.
I didn't actually know I could do that.
They released me two hours ago.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Things got really...
We've arrested Ruth.
She did it. too. It's complicated.
Your mother stabbed Tony's corpse.
I'm going to be in therapy
for the rest of my life.
Flight 3096 to Manchester is
now boarding at gate number two.
That's me.
Please have your boarding passes ready.
Well...
Thanks for letting me know.
but this could have been an email.
Albeit a long. really weird one.
I wanted to tell you to
your face. A zoom. then.
We could have done this on zoom.
No. I wanted to stop you leaving.
In the beginning. nothing could
happen because of the case. but...
We're not there yet. but it's different now.
You can be seen with me.
Yeah. well. I'm not saying it
won't raise a few eyebrows.
I've been doing that all my life.
My flight's boarding.
It's not the last helicopter out of
Saigon. There'll be other flights.
Yeah. but my luggage is on
there. Well. they'll send it back.
What do you need? We've got
shops... Several shops in Jersey.
And I've checked out of my hotel.
though I think they were
pleased to see me go.
You know we have to pay for that door?
Shh. Isn't it covered by their insurance?
Well. that depends on the policy.
Sometimes. in situations
when there's damage done...
Are you actually
answering that question?!
Give me an hour.
Just give me a week.
No.
Tony... Monica. Michael...
Jesus! And now Ruth.
It's too much.
There was a time when I'd
be buzzing with the horror
and the drama of it all.
but I don't want that now.
You'll say you don't want it either
but you love having your finger
hovering over the self-destruct button.
It's what makes you good at your job.
But I can't be around that.
I like myself too much.
And that's the other thing.
You didn't believe me.
I told you about Monica
and you didn't listen.
You didn't trust me.
And I've spent too much
of my life being called crazy.
You're not crazy. No.
But you might be.
And. for once. I need to
make a healthy decision.
Would you describe
yourself as a healthy decision?
No.
Not right now.
Thank you.
Good luck. Jim bergerac.
Hey.
Have you found Nigel?
Yeah. but there's nothing
I can do without Charlie.
You should go.
It's ok. I wasn't doing anything today.
We can just watch her in shifts.
No. to London. To the school.
We talked about this. Yeah. we did.
but you weren't completely
honest with me. were you?
Do I need a lawyer?
Don't get me wrong. I think
you are worried about me.
But...
Charlie saw your computer.
She... she saw you've been looking
for advice about first year nerves.
We missed all the clues.
I'm... I'm really sorry.
But fear can't control your life.
If you can do this. then I promise you.
nothing will ever be this scary again.
But if you don't - if you let fear win...
Then nothing will ever be this easy.
It's just about you now. is it?
What about granny?
I'll take care of her. Yeah.
there's a lot less inheritance.
so we might as well keep her around.
Are you sure you can
both manage? Honestly?
It's not your concern.
Ok.
I'll tell granny.
That should cheer her up.
I'm handing in my notice.
I wanted you to be the first to know.
I've really enjoyed my time on the force.
but what happened with
Ian. that was a wake-up call.
I've allowed the job to take precedence
over other areas of my life.
and I think it's time I take stock
and investigate other challenges.
And the non-bullshit version?
Although I think I can
probably guess. Jim.
Nobody works with Jim. We attend.
He considers rules and
protocols. even the most basic
precepts of policing. to
be a serving suggestion
that don't apply to
him. but it never matters
because he keeps fucking
winning. he keeps getting results.
When you say he doesn't follow rules.
I mean. that's hardly a shock. but...
Is there anything specific I should know?
Jim is Jim. but this dynamic.
it's turning me into someone I don't like.
I'm jealous. I'm bitter.
I can't do anything about it.
I tried to get a transfer.
you saw how that went.
If I stay.
I'm cursed to spend my whole
career sat opposite Jim bergerac.
There might be another option.
Richard gibbon has decided
to take early retirement.
Obviously that doesn't have
anything to do with wanting to limit
the ipoc's investigation of Ian.
I couldn't possibly comment.
It means there'll be a quick
game of musical chairs.
as people move up or sideways.
so. how would you feel
about switching lanes...
And taking a more managerial route?
You mean be his boss one day?
Is it too early to start drinking?
I'm asking the wrong person.
She seemed ok.
She seemed excited. She did. didn't she?
You needn't have said anything.
She could have stayed. gone next year.
I respect you for not doing that.
Well. sometimes the best thing you
can do for the people you care about
is to take yourself out of the equation.
We don't have to be friends now.
I'm sure you find constantly biting
your tongue as exhausting as I do.
All this time you've
been biting your tongue?
Trust me.
We got on when Rachel was alive.
We were different people then.
The world was different with Rachel in it.
All this...
Was fields.
I'd like us to be friends again.
I don't want your pity. Jim.
Well. you can have my sympathy.
It's different.
I'm not sure I ever gave
you much sympathy.
Ha!
I think Rachel would be
disappointed in me for that.
I think she'd be disappointed in
me for lots of things. not least...
The example I'm setting her daughter.
Did we prepare Kim for the world?
We did our best.
But... Did we prepare the world for Kim?
I mean...
Are we making it safer for her?
What I mean is...
You do. I know you do all the time. but...
What am I doing?
Perhaps. like you...
I need to take myself out of the equation.
You wanted to see me? Charlie.
this is Kara. who I work with.
Kara. this is my mother-in-law.
Charlie hungerford.
Hi. mrs hungerford. How
do you do? Very good.
Kara will look after
you. I'll be just outside.
She'll explain.
I want to report a crime.
Subtitles by red bee media
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org